Add a note about back button and no-cache (#44575)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/reference/headers/cache-control/index.md

If the `max-age` value is negative (for example, `-1`) or isn't an integer (for example, `3599.99`), then the caching behavior is unspecified. Caches are encouraged to treat the value as if it were `0`.

> [!NOTE]

> > The `max-age=0` directive does not guarantee revalidation for history navigations — such as those made using the <kbd>Back</kbd> button.

Author: ```suggestion
> The `max-age` being expired does not guarantee revalidation for history navigations — such as those made using the <kbd>Back</kbd> button.
```

Reviewer: I was being very pedantic here because the wording of the spec is around responses being stale. The directive doesn't expire, the value in it elapses. I think we can address your point without referring to expiring at all just by removing the `=0`.

I'm going to merge this because it is not wrong, and I'm about to go way for a week (and I don't want this sitting on either of our plates). But if you strongly diagree we can talk about when I get back.

```suggestion
> The `max-age` directive does not guarantee revalidation for history navigations — such as those made using the <kbd>Back</kbd> button.
```

Author: Works for me! Thanks.
